remove simple form from documentation and update screenshots (+some changes in news intro) (#147)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/GettingStarted.rst

	
Posting a news in the activity stream
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> It is possible to write an article directly from a space composer. This feature is intended to improve and simplify the way information is shared. It allows contributors to create content without having to be CMS experts. It offers an inclusive and collaborative way to manage communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to write an article directly from a space composer. This feature is intended to improve and simplify the way information is shared. Users can contribute content intuitively without any former training to the content management system. News offers an inclusive and collaborative way to manage communication.
```

> Publishing a news allows you to easily write, broadcast  and share communication content into other spaces. You can also make it visible to all platform users by pinning articles into home page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing a news lets you easily write, broadcast  and share communication content into other spaces. You can also make it visible to all platform users by pinning articles on the home page.
```

> To post an article, click "write an article" located at the buttom of the space's composer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To post a news article, click "write an article" located at the bottom of the space's composer. 
```

|image156|

The creation form is opened in a new tab.

|image159|

> Write or paste in your article. Add a title, summary, image, and content as desired, then press the "Post" button in the top-right corner of the screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write or paste your article content in. Choose a title, a summary and an illustrative image as desired, then press the "Post" button in the top-right corner of the screen. 
```

.. |image170| image:: images/sharenews/pin_activity.png
.. |image171| image:: images/sharenews/success_pin.png
.. |image172| image:: images/sharenews/bloc_news.png
.. |image173| image:: images/sharenews/saving_shortform.png

> .. |image174| image:: images/sharenews/saved_shortform.png

Reviewer 2: These images files must be removed.

Author: done
